Remove improper uses of var in Learn/ (#19370)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/express_nodejs/mongoose/index.md

```js
// File: ./models/somemodel.js

// Require Mongoose
const mongoose = require('mongoose');

// Define a schema
const Schema = mongoose.Schema;

const SomeModelSchema = new Schema({
  a_string: String,
  a_date: Date,
});

// Export function to create "SomeModel" model class
module.exports = mongoose.model('SomeModel', SomeModelSchema);
```

You can then require and use the model immediately in other files. Below we show how you might use it to get all instances of the model.

```js

> //C reate a SomeModel model just by requiring the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a SomeModel model just by requiring the module
```
